## Overview:

The following exercises contain a series of tasks that a developer will need to accomplish on an average day on the job. The files represent a source-grab of a Donation Form built within NetCommunity (a Blackbaud proprietary CMS). As a result, there are many files included that represent the full load of styles/scripts you will need to work alongside when customizing a NetCommunity Donation Form.

## Requirements:

- Do NOT edit index.html or any of the files located in the “assets” folder.
- You may only edit the custom.js file or the custom.css file, located in the “custom" folder.
- At the top of custom.js, include a comment block that provides your name and the date.
- Each exercise should be contained within a separate and appropriately named function and initialized after the page loads. Please provide meaningful comments, where necessary.
- All of the JavaScript files served on the page are generated by the CMS. Because of this, and to avoid code collisions, wrap your functions inside a uniquely named global object (or namespace). Name this object anything you wish. For example:
    `window.myCustomizations = { foo: function () {}, bar: “baz” };`
- Each exercise below will exist on the same donation form.
- Styles may be added where necessary.

## Before you begin

1. Fork this repository to your local machine.
1. Launch index.html in your browser.
1. Open custom/custom.js and custom/custom.css in a code editor.

## Exercise #1

Your client has indicated they would like the Donation Form’s submit button to read "I Support the Cause”. Add a function to custom.js that meets your client's request.

## Exercise #2

Your client has reviewed the Donation Form and would like some of its fields to be positioned in a different order. Specifically, your client prefers that the Payment Information section appears before the Billing Information section. Add a function to custom.js that meets your client's request.

## Exercise #3

Your client wants to encourage users to make recurring gifts, but only if the donation amount is below $200. Add a function to custom.js that displays an alert to the user if their gift amount is less than $200. This alert should ask the user if they would like to make the gift recurring (e.g., monthly). If the user selects “OK”, automatically select the “Recurring gift” radio button. If the user selects “Cancel”, simply close the alert.

## Exercise #4

Your client does not like that the Giving Levels at the top of the form appear as radio buttons. Instead, they would prefer a select list. Based on your client’s request, the following requirements must be met:

- Hide the Giving Level radio buttons
- Generate a select list to interact with the now hidden radio list
- The select list should provide an option for an Other Amount
- When a Giving Level from the select list is selected, be sure to check the appropriate giving level on the radio list as well (again, the radio buttons should not be visible).

Add a function to custom.js that meets your client's request.

## When you’re done:

Once you have completed the exercises, place all files and folders into a ZIP folder named “my-name_developer-exercise.zip” (replace “my-name” with your name) and email to your point of contact a Blackbaud.
